com/marianhello/utils/TextUtils.java
 com.marianhello.utils.TextUtils
com/marianhello/bgloc/headless/TaskRunner.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.headless.TaskRunner
com/marianhello/bgloc/headless/AbstractTaskRunner.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.headless.AbstractTaskRunner
com/marianhello/bgloc/service/LocationServiceInfo.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.service.LocationServiceInfo
com/marianhello/bgloc/service/LocationServiceProxy.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.service.LocationServiceProxy
com/marianhello/bgloc/data/provider/LocationContentProvider.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.provider.LocationContentProvider
com/marianhello/logging/UncaughtExceptionLogger.java
 com.marianhello.logging.UncaughtExceptionLogger
com/marianhello/bgloc/data/LocationTemplateFactory.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.LocationTemplateFactory
com/marianhello/bgloc/PluginDelegate.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.PluginDelegate
com/marianhello/bgloc/data/BackgroundActivity.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.BackgroundActivity
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.BackgroundActivity$1
com/marianhello/bgloc/data/provider/ContentProviderLocationDAO.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.provider.ContentProviderLocationDAO
com/marianhello/bgloc/data/sqlite/SQLiteConfigurationDAO.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.sqlite.SQLiteConfigurationDAO
com/marianhello/bgloc/sync/AccountHelper.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.sync.AccountHelper
com/marianhello/utils/ToneGenerator.java
 com.marianhello.utils.ToneGenerator
 com.marianhello.utils.ToneGenerator$1
 com.marianhello.utils.ToneGenerator$2
 com.marianhello.utils.ToneGenerator$Tone
com/marianhello/bgloc/sync/SyncAdapter.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.sync.SyncAdapter
 com.marianhello.bgloc.sync.SyncAdapter$1
com/marianhello/bgloc/headless/LocationTask.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.headless.LocationTask
com/marianhello/bgloc/data/ConfigurationDAO.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.ConfigurationDAO
com/marianhello/bgloc/provider/LocationProvider.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.provider.LocationProvider
com/marianhello/bgloc/service/LocationServiceIntentBuilder.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.service.CommandId
 com.marianhello.bgloc.service.LocationServiceIntentBuilder
 com.marianhello.bgloc.service.LocationServiceIntentBuilder$Command
com/marianhello/bgloc/data/sqlite/SQLiteLocationDAO.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.sqlite.SQLiteLocationDAO
com/marianhello/bgloc/PostLocationTask.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.PostLocationTask
 com.marianhello.bgloc.PostLocationTask$1
 com.marianhello.bgloc.PostLocationTask$2
 com.marianhello.bgloc.PostLocationTask$PostLocationTaskListener
com/marianhello/bgloc/PluginException.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.PluginException
com/marianhello/bgloc/data/HashMapLocationTemplate.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.HashMapLocationTemplate
com/marianhello/bgloc/sync/Authenticator.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.sync.Authenticator
ru/andremoniy/sqlbuilder/SqlStatement.java
 ru.andremoniy.sqlbuilder.SqlStatement
com/marianhello/bgloc/data/sqlite/SQLiteOpenHelper.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.sqlite.SQLiteOpenHelper
com/marianhello/logging/DBLogReader.java
 com.marianhello.logging.DBLogReader
 com.marianhello.logging.DBLogReader$QueryBuilder
com/marianhello/bgloc/BackgroundGeolocationFacade.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.BackgroundGeolocationFacade
 com.marianhello.bgloc.BackgroundGeolocationFacade$1
 com.marianhello.bgloc.BackgroundGeolocationFacade$2
 com.marianhello.bgloc.BackgroundGeolocationFacade$3
com/marianhello/bgloc/provider/ProviderDelegate.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.provider.ProviderDelegate
com/marianhello/bgloc/BootCompletedReceiver.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.BootCompletedReceiver
com/marianhello/bgloc/sync/SyncService.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.sync.SyncService
com/marianhello/bgloc/headless/JsCallback.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.headless.JsCallback
ru/andremoniy/utils/TextUtils.java
 ru.andremoniy.utils.TextUtils
com/marianhello/utils/CloneHelper.java
 com.marianhello.utils.CloneHelper
com/marianhello/bgloc/ResourceResolver.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.ResourceResolver
com/marianhello/bgloc/Config.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.Config
 com.marianhello.bgloc.Config$1
com/marianhello/bgloc/headless/ActivityTask.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.headless.ActivityTask
com/marianhello/bgloc/data/AbstractLocationTemplate.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.AbstractLocationTemplate
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.AbstractLocationTemplate$LocationMapper
com/marianhello/bgloc/data/LocationTemplate.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.LocationTemplate
com/marianhello/bgloc/HttpPostService.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.HttpPostService
 com.marianhello.bgloc.HttpPostService$UploadingProgressListener
ru/andremoniy/sqlbuilder/SqlExpression.java
 ru.andremoniy.sqlbuilder.SqlExpression
com/marianhello/bgloc/data/sqlite/SQLiteLocationContract.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.sqlite.SQLiteLocationContract
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.sqlite.SQLiteLocationContract$LocationEntry
com/marianhello/bgloc/data/BackgroundLocation.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.BackgroundLocation
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.BackgroundLocation$1
com/marianhello/bgloc/sync/AuthenticatorService.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.sync.AuthenticatorService
com/marianhello/bgloc/headless/Task.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.headless.Task
com/marianhello/bgloc/provider/ActivityRecognitionLocationProvider.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.provider.ActivityRecognitionLocationProvider
 com.marianhello.bgloc.provider.ActivityRecognitionLocationProvider$1
com/marianhello/bgloc/data/ArrayListLocationTemplate.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.ArrayListLocationTemplate
com/marianhello/bgloc/provider/LocationProviderFactory.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.provider.LocationProviderFactory
ru/andremoniy/sqlbuilder/SqlSelectStatement.java
 ru.andremoniy.sqlbuilder.SqlSelectStatement
com/marianhello/bgloc/headless/StationaryTask.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.headless.StationaryTask
com/marianhello/bgloc/LocationManager.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.LocationManager
 com.marianhello.bgloc.LocationManager$1
 com.marianhello.bgloc.LocationManager$CurrentLocationListener
 com.marianhello.bgloc.LocationManager$PermissionDeniedException
com/marianhello/bgloc/service/LocationServiceInfoImpl.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.service.LocationServiceInfoImpl
com/marianhello/logging/LoggerManager.java
 com.marianhello.logging.LoggerManager
com/marianhello/bgloc/sync/BatchManager.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.sync.BatchManager
 com.marianhello.bgloc.sync.BatchManager$LocationTemplateWriter
 com.marianhello.bgloc.sync.BatchManager$LocationWriter
com/marianhello/bgloc/data/sqlite/SQLiteConfigurationContract.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.sqlite.SQLiteConfigurationContract
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.sqlite.SQLiteConfigurationContract$ConfigurationEntry
org/chromium/content/browser/ThreadUtils.java
 org.chromium.content.browser.ThreadUtils
com/marianhello/utils/Convert.java
 com.marianhello.utils.Convert
com/marianhello/bgloc/service/LocationService.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.service.LocationService
com/marianhello/backgroundgeolocation/BuildConfig.java
 com.marianhello.backgroundgeolocation.BuildConfig
com/marianhello/bgloc/data/LocationTransform.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.LocationTransform
com/marianhello/bgloc/data/DAOFactory.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.DAOFactory
com/marianhello/logging/LogEntry.java
 com.marianhello.logging.LogEntry
com/tenforwardconsulting/bgloc/DistanceFilterLocationProvider.java
 com.tenforwardconsulting.bgloc.DistanceFilterLocationProvider
 com.tenforwardconsulting.bgloc.DistanceFilterLocationProvider$1
 com.tenforwardconsulting.bgloc.DistanceFilterLocationProvider$2
 com.tenforwardconsulting.bgloc.DistanceFilterLocationProvider$3
 com.tenforwardconsulting.bgloc.DistanceFilterLocationProvider$4
com/marianhello/bgloc/data/LocationDAO.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.data.LocationDAO
com/marianhello/bgloc/sync/NotificationHelper.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.sync.NotificationHelper
 com.marianhello.bgloc.sync.NotificationHelper$NotificationFactory
com/marianhello/bgloc/headless/TaskRunnerFactory.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.headless.TaskRunnerFactory
com/marianhello/bgloc/provider/AbstractLocationProvider.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.provider.AbstractLocationProvider
com/marianhello/bgloc/ConnectivityListener.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.ConnectivityListener
com/marianhello/bgloc/provider/RawLocationProvider.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.provider.RawLocationProvider
com/marianhello/bgloc/service/LocationServiceImpl.java
 com.marianhello.bgloc.service.LocationServiceImpl
 com.marianhello.bgloc.service.LocationServiceImpl$1
 com.marianhello.bgloc.service.LocationServiceImpl$2
 com.marianhello.bgloc.service.LocationServiceImpl$3
 com.marianhello.bgloc.service.LocationServiceImpl$4
 com.marianhello.bgloc.service.LocationServiceImpl$5
 com.marianhello.bgloc.service.LocationServiceImpl$6
 com.marianhello.bgloc.service.LocationServiceImpl$7
 com.marianhello.bgloc.service.LocationServiceImpl$8
 com.marianhello.bgloc.service.LocationServiceImpl$9
 com.marianhello.bgloc.service.LocationServiceImpl$LocalBinder
 com.marianhello.bgloc.service.LocationServiceImpl$ServiceHandler
